a world of film to dive into with
stories seldom heard in mainstream
Cinema while the destruction of Israel's
war in Gaza dominates the headlines the
need for different stories about
Palestinians becomes more pressing than
ever before we're sick and tired of
always having to play the perfect victim
to audition for sympathy we we're messy
we're black and white in every shade of
gray in between and these are the kind
of films I like to watch when I'm
watching other people's culture and
films I like to make from documentaries
to shorts to long form films the London
Palestinian Film Festival has been
bringing together new releases as well
as older Classics showcasing Palestinian
talent I think little Windows into the
Palestinian experience are really
important I think it's important to see
Palestinian Palestinians in a positive
light you know all we hear about
negative things and it's really to show
the artistic side you know what they're
doing I think it's
brilliant there are windows into the
lives of filmmakers themselves waiting
for Gaza profiles Palestinian directors
tazan and Arab NASA twin brothers whose
work counter common cliches with
intimacy their film deade Chronicles a
day in a beauty salon in Gaza while a
gunfight takes place
outside as well as drama there is comedy
in a Gaza weekend a British journalist
decides to leave Israel because of a
virus and tries to smuggle himself into
Gaza and always present is the longing
and the memory actor and director Heim
abas returns with her daughter to the
Village she left to pursue her dreams in
bye-bye Tiberius Palestinian stories
that move resonate and Inspire Sonia
Gago aljazera
London make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
aler